pick Sam huge studio update we have Joe
so I have done but I have a stud finder
that doesn't really work so it took much
longer than it needed to try to fill
this hole so good things are happening
Joe a lot of trash everywhere things to
get organized is that I'm unboxing to
various setting things in recent vlog I
bought a new camera it finally came in
this is a Sony rx it's basically Sony's
GoPro however the thing that really got
my attention on this is that image
almost looks exactly like my rx100 that
GoPro 6 came out it has amazing image
stabilization but it always kind of has
that GoPro look I'm very curious about
this little rx0 here it is look at this
is so cute it has similar menu options
like rx100 so it's very familiar to me
and then just the look so I'm gonna be
playing around with this guy today here
we go so this is pretty clutch you have
the same creative styles and picture
effects and picture profiles one day I'm
going to reveal everything to you how I
color grade what my camera's are now set
to because it is different I kinda have
found a new groove which I'm digging so
I'm gonna change the picture profile to
match what I'm shooting with right now
with my a7s2 and let's see how similar I
can get it so I am now recording with
these sony RX z row here is my a7s2
let's vlog a little bit with it does
this look ridiculous the tiny rx0
what's up guys my name is Sarah peachie
rhymes with deechi reppin progressed
daily monkey got out to John Hill so how
does it look okay guys we ride Electric
skateboards pretty much
this sport is the number one choice
usually for my biggest thing but guess
what
finally got kind of my dream board we'll
see if it will live up to it it's a
small electric skateboard but it's a
belt-driven board it's not a husband
it's got a power booster bar baby I
don't think I'm our couch oh you have
not guys look there's a couch now where
you told me to sit down on your knees
pointing at it idiot not you super epic
montage sequence go dust from my shelves
that I built from my shelf that I built
fun fact the guy who said this to me is
the guy who created shred lights for the
booster boards this dude made an
IndieGoGo or Kickstarter something link
will be in bio not sponsored but this is
just a rare moment that someone made a
product and I'm like yes I need that
alright oh compliments the Shred light
look at this John what well indeed err
look to fakie a tail so you can pivot
how far does it go here are the specs
[Music]
guys check it out the time is here
looking good this look so how's
everything set up and look the keywords
look at the light some editing is gonna
be going down on this guy for me it
doesn't always come down to just the
specs it's like how does it feel how
does it accelerate am i able to go over
the New York City bumps and the whole
being able to stop on a dime is very
important because you don't want to get
run over here
[Music]
this is what the remote looks like so on
the right here we have the rx100 and
here on the Left we have the rx0
so basically I'm working with a selfie
stick and this clamp thing we'll see if
we can put it on something weird it it's
so beautiful we're out here by the water
so I rode the Riptide for the first time
depending on which Riptide you get you
can either hit the top speed of 18 miles
per hour or 20 miles per hour and I was
hitting the top speed and I tried to
brake and I almost died it's very much
so you hit it and you break there's not
really a gradual break like I'm used to
it's interesting BAM
[Applause]
oh my god that it's a cool area oh yeah
you fist pump that how intricate this
art is now I have the clamp I'm gonna
see if I can clamp it on his board
getting kicked out followed by security
guards I'm not scared
John got kicked out of the place he's
skating so I'm gonna put it on the
riptides let's see if I can get used to
this thing how's it looking fam
[Music]
something that'll stay right off the
body because it doesn't have the Flex of
a longboard and the wheels are smaller
it does not take bumps very well just
like the blink boards it's feeling kind
of similar right
[Music]
well a lot is a salchow Alberta okay so
I don't know how it's gonna work it
might actually be pretty stupid but I'm
going to connect the rx0 to yours paper
and I want to see if you can get enough
pop to like flip it flip it
let's just see if it survives yeah yeah
yeah oh my god
[Music]
how's audio is the audio good on this
thing honestly the thing that I'm
looking for is to see if this image it's
just like the rx100 how is the audio
it's a while to get up there so many
Christmas trees everywhere see the
acceleration difference
ready set go go
me I might be
there
just got back from riding the riptides
and testing out the rx0
I've checked out the footage I have
thoughts but first I have thoughts I'm
not just the riptides but Electric
skateboards in general I'm done with
these I'm very much so done with all of
them so it's always a blast making
videos about the new fancy up-and-coming
Electric skateboards however they have
all kind of blended and to be the same
there's so much fun but I use it mainly
to be a transportation for point A to
point me and my most important priority
is I get to point be safe my experience
with the Riptide is kind of similar to
all of the acting boards so maybe it's
not a hub motor verse belt driven system
type thing it's just me having an issue
thinking that Electric skateboards below
the price range of 1,300 1,500 can be
similar are the same to boosted boards
so the Riptide was super fun and of
course $1,500 $1300 is super expensive
those are the prices of booster boards
so if you can't afford this honestly I
would have the Riptide right below that
I would cop the Riptide it's a fantastic
board but for me it's just like nothing
compares that shout-out to Eric for
sending me that it is a pre-production
model you know maybe they're gonna get
smoother and stuff for me I just don't
think you can get the same amount of
control from a smaller board and I've
accepted that
I guess so officially is saying it here
and now I am done I'm so done with
making electric skateboard videos and
comparing them to the booster board and
stuff I don't think y'all are gonna see
another electric skateboard video from
me like and that is very very long time
until I find like v1 and now it's time
to talk about this guy the are axe is so
good the biggest thing with the rx0 is
the price tag I just got done looking at
the footage and my biggest takeaway was
holy crap it looks like the rx100 and
for a reason because it has a suit
we're super similar sensor it's not
exactly the same but it's kind of like
the same one-inch type sensor the GoPro
it has a really good image but it still
looks like a GoPro this is just the tip
of the iceberg with this camera I just
want to kind of do like a little video
test some first impressions so I'm super
stoked to maybe do a full out review I
want to compare it to the GoPros guy is
the limit another thing I'm a super
impressive is the audio straight out of
the camera it's actually almost exactly
the same as rx100 so it's not gonna be
like this where I have a rogue video my
pro on top of my a 7s but it was
impressive for a camera that is this so
you have to ask yourself are the picture
profiles important is that slow-mo
important let me know what you guys
thought of the art X zeroes image
overall and very impressed but do you
think it's worth the price tag for me
personally it's enough just to have
those picture profiles that I'm used to
that all of my other cameras do so it
looks like one cohesive video however I
haven't really played around with the
GoPro Hero 6 yet so that is to come
maybe I'll update you on my feelings at
a later time for everything that I
talked about today there are links in
the description below if you want to
check it out I'm stoked that the space
is coming together it is very very
exciting I met a lot of peachy fam today
too while we're out writing or out by
the old water or outside of the office
just kind of like you know but whatever
thanks for saying hi thanks for being
the PG fan and supporting your girl it
means a lot you should subscribe if you
haven't yet have you subscribed did you
enjoy this video should you like this I
think you should like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week it's like 6
p.m. but I did have coffee I had a
really good latte so I feel like I'm
talking very quick right now so yeah
thanks for watching and I will see you
the next one's a peachy okay bye
[Music]